task(breadcrumbs): add bugsnag loaded breadcrumb when using fallback (#327)
bugsnag/bugsnag-unity: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where Breadcrumbs were reported in the wrong order on Windows and in the Unity Editor
  [#322](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-unity/pull/322)

> * Fixed an issue where platforms using the fallback implementation were not leaving a Bugsnag loaded breadcrumb 

Reviewer: Since the behavior of the implementation is somewhat opaque, I'd list the conditions here where it might not have worked.

```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where a "Bugsnag loaded" breadcrumb was not added on Windows, Linux, WebGL, and editor builds
```
